We need to reorder the New Project Wizard steps. After going through it think the new order needs to be 
Project Basics (stays the same)
Add a button to skip the wizard and make a blank project with no prefilled Deliverables, Epics, Milestones, and Stages.
Team Assignment
The UI here is the same the big part is making sure that the imported Team Members get prefilled
Also need to make sure that it is pulling in Execution Team roles for the app defaults to assign team members to. THose assignments for team members will be the driving select menu when assigning tasks to a person in the later steps
Task assignment should be handled in these other steps now
You do not need to assign a team right away, that can be handled after setup.
Stage Configuration
Here we need to refactor the apply Frameworks logic,
It is not adding the pre set Milestones or tasks
A project already has stages. We need a better way to merge
You should be able to merge by adding the new full stage with tasks and milestones
or you should be able to merge the tasks and milestones into a stage that is already created.
With Milestones we can remove the scope rule UI
When creating a templated task for a stage you need to be able to set who it is assigned to. This isn’t required but is needed as an option
All imported tasks should show up here under the
Work Breakdown
UI is good just need some tweaks
If you create a new epic it should prefill with tasks based on the stage configuration. 
Deliverables should have a button so that it automatically creates a pass through Epic
This is a toggle that will create it for you in the UI and then remove it if you use the toggle


You should be able to create, edit, and delete the task name, description, Stage, Milestone, Owner and sprint assignments under each epic. 
The Prefill Management Activities epics should be on here and the ability to adhoc add tasks in there
This should be the first Deliverable Epic 
There should only be one Management Activities Deliverable made for each new project. It should have 3 epics, Project Management, Product Management, Client Management
On Task Alignment set default unassigned to the Product Management Epic.
The Deliverables & Epics should be collapsible
There should be a way at the top to open or close all deliverables
When adding a new epic it should take the dates of the deliverable.
I think the Task Alignment is a sub step after this if there are imported tasks that are orphaned and need to be assigned an epic and stage. 
Review Page
This page needs to be redesigned. Less scrolling more tabs, the section headers need to stand out like headers
The what happens next should be a banner above the tabs
Project Creation (Not a step but the things that need to happen during creation process, this stuff needs to be validated and or added)
When creating the stages the portions on length are good just make them fit inside the project timeframe.
The Framework should be assigned to the Project so it can show up later.
If there is no implementation framework just put custom
So all that create their own stages are custom
Validate that all tasks are created, are assigned
Summary Page
This page is good. I just want to make sure it is outlined in the order.

